Add docs on crdb_internal.cluster_locks (#14598)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/v22.1/sql/select-for-update-example-partial.md

This example assumes you are running a [local unsecured cluster](start-a-local-cluster.html).

First, connect to the running cluster (call this Terminal 1):

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell
cockroach sql --insecure
~~~

Next, create a table and insert some rows:

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
CREATE TABLE kv (k INT PRIMARY KEY, v INT);
INSERT INTO kv (k, v) VALUES (1, 5), (2, 10), (3, 15);
~~~

Next, we'll start a [transaction](transactions.html) and lock the row we want to operate on:

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
BEGIN;
SELECT * FROM kv WHERE k = 1 FOR UPDATE;
~~~

> Hit enter twice in the [SQL client](cockroach-sql.html) to send the input so far to be evaluated.  This will result in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press **Enter** twice in the [SQL client](cockroach-sql.html) to send the statements to be evaluated.  This will result in the following output:
```

Author: Thanks, updated

~~~
  k | v
+---+----+
  1 | 5
(1 row)
~~~

Now open another terminal and connect to the database from a second client (call this Terminal 2):

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell
cockroach sql --insecure
~~~

From Terminal 2, start a transaction and try to lock the same row for updates that is already being accessed by the transaction we opened in Terminal 1:

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
BEGIN;
SELECT * FROM kv WHERE k = 1 FOR UPDATE;
~~~

> Hit enter twice to send the input so far to be evaluated. Because Terminal 1 has already locked this row, the `SELECT FOR UPDATE` statement from Terminal 2 will appear to "wait".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press **Enter** twice to send the statements to be evaluated. Because Terminal 1 has already locked this row, the `SELECT FOR UPDATE` statement from Terminal 2 will appear to "wait".
```

Author: Thanks, updated with this!
